Lei Qianjue
He is the peak powerhouse of the Great Xia
It is rumored that Lei Qianjue is ruthless
Now crowned the king of blood rain
That's okay.
Ling Fan, hurry up and go abroad with me
Come back when the limelight is over
Want to run late
Look at me Daxia
No one can escape from Elder Lei's palm
Just a Lei Qianjue
Still delusional about being crowned Wang Ming
As long as this king lives in the world
He Lei Qianjue will have no day to stand out
Lin Fan, who do you think you are?
Who am I? I am Lei Qianjue's life seeker
The current king of blood jade
Lin Fan hahahaha
Are you confused with a fever?
Since you are the king of blood jade
What about your great guardian, the Blood Rose?
See King of Bloodfish
Lord, the disciples of the blood fish gather together
Please try both.